All right welcome back my students.
It's time for us to start reading information from the database.
I'm going to try to see if I can do the update lecture on this lecture here so that we can kill two
birds with one shot.
I'm not saying we're going to kill two birds guys.
All right.
But you know what I'm saying.
We do two things in one shot.
All right so let's do the read We've done this before.
So that's why I want to do this here.
All right.
So what are we going to do.
Well we if we want to pulao the relationships we have to get the parent right.
So we get the parent the scale and B portion number one or fail they we go and let's pull out its relationship
but we do this enough for each and we done this many times.
Right.
Rose What is the relationship for the most tax.
Of course we do this as tag as we go and we can go there out.
Let's check it out real quick
.
All right.
Read Hala.
Beautiful.
All right.
Let's do the update method real quick and just get a copy of this an update.
So how do we update this data here here now I'm going to do the update and this is going to be a little
different guys.
OK.
So
she gets here left written the same there.
And what I'm going to do is I'm going to grab the tag and then I do this.
Where.
And let's see what we got as tags.
Ray BHP feel cap at all right.
So where and name equals ph.
B.
I want to update that tag.
OK.
And now one of the tag to something else.
I don't know that it should be something like that.
Ok cool let's try it
.
Oh and by the way you could do this and watch this return
Antar and you can see that one there you always get that one in return meaning that one was updated
meaning true.
OK.
So you were able to update it refreshing you can see that as has been of the day and we've got the updated
column right here.
Ok cool.
Of course you can pull this out an updated one by one and then do the tax safe.
You can do it that way and I'm going to come in this hour real quick and when I'm going to do this I'm
going to show you another way of doing this.
Let's use our copy this right here and I'm going to copy this on to put it right here and I'll make
it tag.
And now on to show you that we could do a couple of things with this.
All right.
Let me use organize a little bit.
All right so once we find it.
All right.
We find this tag we could do this for us tag tags right safe and then we just pass in the tag to Paul's
number one.
But let's go to Tiger Woods real quick.
He's a Tiger Woods right here.
He pulls number one and number one.
So let's give it tag number two.
All right.
They refresh and you can see we've created another one.
We get now we didn't give it.
No not just one but we gave the other tag to this day to this post topos number one you see that tag
number two.
OK.
So that's one way of doing that.
Now we can also do attach here.
So if you remember you could do this.
Those tags attach and you attach the instance there.
OK.
Let's do it.
That's Thach tag number three to polls number one.
So that way we can see the difference is the number three.
Here
we go you see Number three now.
OK.
So let's comment that out and let's do one more and you can also do this on your tax.
You can sync.
I remember housing works.
And just to give you a little idea.
All right I want you to pay very close attention to everything here.
OK.
If you want you can take a screenshot.
Let's do a refresh and look at this.
You see that.
And let me remind you you will only assign ID number one.
All right.
Because And they will remove everything else from DA from this post.
So it's assigning ID number one let's assign the number to two in the majors to refresh and you can
see now that he has at the number two.
All right.
Let's just do one and two
for us.
As you can see because he couldn't find it he added the one.
All right.
So that's what he does.
Sync is pretty cool is useful and in some cases right.
So I'm going to comment on that.
And the last one that I'm going to do here and just because you know one of the last two for the last
lecture of this section here.
OK I think he has enough time for us.
All right.
Let's use comment or this owl or maybe comment that it in so that way you guys have all this information
as a matter of fact let's just leave it like that.
Different paths different game requests anyways.
Thank you so much for watching guys is being a pleasure.
I'm going to take a rest and a comeback teacher the next lectures.
Thank you.
Bye bye.